modules/ROOT/pages/branded_desktop_client/branded_linux_desktop_clients.adoc, before:

= Deploy And Update Branded Linux Desktop Clients

== Introduction

As an ownBrander user, you can enable the build of branded Linux in the “Desktop” section of your account. You can download a `*.tar` file which contains everything to set up complete self-hosted Linux repositories
for the selected Linux distributions.

== Setup

This is the content of `mycloud-2.10.0.6752-linux.tar`:

[source,text]
----
mycloud-2.10.0.6752-linux
├── CentOS_7
│   └── …
├── Debian_10
│   └── …
├── Debian_11
│   └── …
├── Fedora_33
│   └── …
├── Fedora_34
│   └── …
├── Fedora_35
│   └── …
├── Ubuntu_18.04
│   └── …
├── Ubuntu_20.04
│   └── …
├── Ubuntu_21.04
│   └── …
├── Ubuntu_21.10
│   └── …
├── download
│   ├── CentOS.html
│   ├── Debian.html
│   ├── Fedora.html
│   ├── Ubuntu.html
│   ├── allplatforms.html
│   ├── assets
│   │   ├── application.css
│   │   ├── application.js
│   │   ├── arch.png
│   │   ├── centos.png
│   │   ├── debian.png
│   │   ├── download.html
│   │   ├── favicon.png
│   │   ├── fedora.png
│   │   ├── global-navigation-data-en.js
│   │   ├── globalnav-im.png
│   │   ├── header-logo.png
│   │   ├── opensuse.png
│   │   ├── repo.cfg
│   │   ├── rhel.png
│   │   ├── sl.png
│   │   ├── sle.png
│   │   ├── ubuntu.png
│   │   ├── univention.png
│   │   ├── unknown.png
│   │   └── ymp-added-repos.txt
│   ├── bin
│   │   └── repo-admin.py
│   ├── download.json
│   ├── example.sh
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── openSUSE.html
│   └── ymp
│       ├── openSUSE_Leap_15.2
│       │   └── mycloud-client.ymp
│       ├── openSUSE_Leap_15.3
│       │   └── mycloud-client.ymp
│       └── openSUSE_ymp.html
├── openSUSE_Leap_15.2
│   └── …
└── openSUSE_Leap_15.3
    ├── INSTALL.sh
    ├── PREINSTALL.sh
    ├── libmycloudsync-devel-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Concurrent5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Core5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5DBus5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Gui5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Network5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5PrintSupport5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Sql5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Widgets5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Xml5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libqt5-qtsvg-5.12.10-lp153.2.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libqt5-qttranslations-5.12.10-lp153.2.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libqt5-qtwayland-5.12.10-lp153.18.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-qt5keychain1-0.12.0-lp153.3.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── repodata
    │   ├── 3087af5cd89a88977dc9d04e5a3724c573b5b1da3da26bf39931c35f30f00b04-primary.xml.gz
    │   ├── c0ee1520c439b5272490d193ceb9a31230b9cb7de16dd88565e1c8f6218f006b-other.xml.gz
    │   ├── da70c01f9d56865f5792e19529fe3b5cdbd5dd94162fbd3e117577ead7a422cf-filelists.xml.gz
    │   ├── repomd.xml
    │   ├── repomd.xml.asc
    │   └── repomd.xml.key
    ├── mycloud-client-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client-doc-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client-dolphin-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client-nautilus-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client-nemo-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client-overlays-icons-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client.ymp
    ├── mycloud.repo
    └── src
        ├── mycloud-client-2.10.0-6752.src.rpm
        └── mycloud-client-overlays-2.10.0-6752.src.rpm
----

The download folder provides detailed instructions for your users at `download/index.html` about how to install the branded Linux clients on the selected Linux distributions. All location information in the HTML files is set to `download.example.com`. All metadata in the repo is set to `download.example.com` too.

The download folder contains a shell script (`/download/example.sh`). This allows you to modify the HTML and the repo itself according to your repo location on your webserver.

download/example.sh:::
+
[source,bash]
----
#! /bin/bash
#
# This example demonstrates how to call repo-admin.py
# You will need to call repo-admin.py with your download url.
# Basic auth username and password is supported as shown below.
#
# You can customitze the main html file and re-run repo-admin.py later.
#
cd $(dirname $0)
set -x
python bin/repo-admin.py \
  --url http://download.example.com/repo \
  -d 'download' \
  -p '.*-client' \
  -i 'index.html' \
  -f ..
----

Replace `\http://download.example.com/repo` in the above example with the base URL of your repository and save the file with a new name. (`download/mycloud.sh`)

Then execute the script and check `download/index.html` on your webserver.

Commit message:

example.sh updated
This now shows the --insecure option, was missing before.

Also removed the usless(?) hint to save the edited copy under a different name. Having two versions around causes chaos later.

modules/ROOT/pages/branded_desktop_client/branded_linux_desktop_clients.adoc, after:

= Deploy And Update Branded Linux Desktop Clients

== Introduction

As an ownBrander user, you can enable the build of branded Linux in the “Desktop” section of your account. You can download a `*.tar` file which contains everything to set up complete self-hosted Linux repositories
for the selected Linux distributions.

== Setup

This is the content of `mycloud-2.10.0.6752-linux.tar`:

[source,text]
----
mycloud-2.10.0.6752-linux
├── CentOS_7
│   └── …
├── Debian_10
│   └── …
├── Debian_11
│   └── …
├── Fedora_33
│   └── …
├── Fedora_34
│   └── …
├── Fedora_35
│   └── …
├── Ubuntu_18.04
│   └── …
├── Ubuntu_20.04
│   └── …
├── Ubuntu_21.04
│   └── …
├── Ubuntu_21.10
│   └── …
├── download
│   ├── CentOS.html
│   ├── Debian.html
│   ├── Fedora.html
│   ├── Ubuntu.html
│   ├── allplatforms.html
│   ├── assets
│   │   ├── application.css
│   │   ├── application.js
│   │   ├── arch.png
│   │   ├── centos.png
│   │   ├── debian.png
│   │   ├── download.html
│   │   ├── favicon.png
│   │   ├── fedora.png
│   │   ├── global-navigation-data-en.js
│   │   ├── globalnav-im.png
│   │   ├── header-logo.png
│   │   ├── opensuse.png
│   │   ├── repo.cfg
│   │   ├── rhel.png
│   │   ├── sl.png
│   │   ├── sle.png
│   │   ├── ubuntu.png
│   │   ├── univention.png
│   │   ├── unknown.png
│   │   └── ymp-added-repos.txt
│   ├── bin
│   │   └── repo-admin.py
│   ├── download.json
│   ├── example.sh
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── openSUSE.html
│   └── ymp
│       ├── openSUSE_Leap_15.2
│       │   └── mycloud-client.ymp
│       ├── openSUSE_Leap_15.3
│       │   └── mycloud-client.ymp
│       └── openSUSE_ymp.html
├── openSUSE_Leap_15.2
│   └── …
└── openSUSE_Leap_15.3
    ├── INSTALL.sh
    ├── PREINSTALL.sh
    ├── libmycloudsync-devel-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Concurrent5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Core5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5DBus5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Gui5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Network5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5PrintSupport5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Sql5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Widgets5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libQt5Xml5-5.12.10-lp153.15.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libqt5-qtsvg-5.12.10-lp153.2.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libqt5-qttranslations-5.12.10-lp153.2.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-libqt5-qtwayland-5.12.10-lp153.18.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── ocqt51210-qt5keychain1-0.12.0-lp153.3.1.x86_64.rpm
    ├── repodata
    │   ├── 3087af5cd89a88977dc9d04e5a3724c573b5b1da3da26bf39931c35f30f00b04-primary.xml.gz
    │   ├── c0ee1520c439b5272490d193ceb9a31230b9cb7de16dd88565e1c8f6218f006b-other.xml.gz
    │   ├── da70c01f9d56865f5792e19529fe3b5cdbd5dd94162fbd3e117577ead7a422cf-filelists.xml.gz
    │   ├── repomd.xml
    │   ├── repomd.xml.asc
    │   └── repomd.xml.key
    ├── mycloud-client-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client-doc-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client-dolphin-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client-nautilus-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client-nemo-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client-overlays-icons-2.10.0-6752.x86_64.rpm
    ├── mycloud-client.ymp
    ├── mycloud.repo
    └── src
        ├── mycloud-client-2.10.0-6752.src.rpm
        └── mycloud-client-overlays-2.10.0-6752.src.rpm
----

The download folder provides detailed instructions for your users at `download/index.html` about how to install the branded Linux clients on the selected Linux distributions. All location information in the HTML files is set to `download.example.com`. All metadata in the repo is set to `download.example.com` too.

The download folder contains a shell script (`/download/example.sh`). This allows you to modify the HTML and the repo itself according to your repo location on your webserver.

download/example.sh:::
+
[source,bash]
----
#! /bin/sh
#
# This example demonstrates how to call repo-admin.py
# You will need to call repo-admin.py with your download url if the url shown below differs.
# Basic auth username and password is supported in the url.
#
# You can customitze the main html file and re-run repo-admin.py later.
# For a server without https support use --insecure --url http://...
#
cd "$(dirname "${0}")"
set -eux
repo=http://download.example.com/repo
python3 bin/repo-admin.py --url $repo -d 'download' -p '.*-client' -i 'index.html' -f ..
----

Replace `\http://download.example.com/repo` in the above example with the base URL of your repository and save the file.

Then execute the script and check `download/index.html` on your webserver.
